hey everyone collector cousin over here
and today we'll be opening up 11 booster
packs from the new roaring skies will
come on set so I am gonna be weighing
these packs so I'm expecting very good
pulls so let's hope for the best
okay and put this camera down and let's
start with the mega rayquaza pack forgot
my scale over here it's a simple gram
scale yeah make a right place over here
and this is a mega adios or Lodi ass
pack and this booster pack weighs 20
point to 8 grams so pretty heavy and
together with this it weighs twenty nine
point six five grams so I think it's a
heaviest booster pack bag I got so I'm
expecting very good for maybe even for
this guy here's a code card for all of
you please like and subscribe if you
like these types of videos and I won't
be getting a booster box fairly soon and
when I do again I will make an unboxing
video so I'm just gonna rush through
this whole Lucia and I already see
something in the back Wingull inkay
togepi execute the pheasant fletchinder
Altaria reverse bag on and a mega
rayquaza eat x oh my gosh see the wing
packs definitely does pay off I was
hoping for a four but this is great
or you can see this sin focus
there we go very nice ball I'm going to
sleeve this up
and there we go one the X card and I
think I might split this video up into
two parts we'll see how it goes so this
is the mega Latios pack
it weighs let's see wait
sorry good it weighs twenty nine point
four seven grams so it's a bit lighter
my cane yaks we might not and this
booster pack weighs twenty point two
grams just warming up
the officers back then being quite as
long as inside with and save some cool
parts for myself
let's see
do teeny cascoon hawlucha Winkle NK
tranquil gliscor Glade spirit link
reverse hawlucha and oh my gosh I got
fuller
it wasn't the heaviest pack so you don't
have to be the heaviest packs to get you
good card so mega Gallade e^x this car
looks amazing
one of my favorite mega evolutions and
omega ruby and alpha sapphire
my computer just wants to sleep so
that's great
blowing these packs to the side and now
let's open up the mega Gallade pack this
weighs twenty nine point five one grams
and the booster pack by itself is a bit
heavier
no it's same wait twenty point one eight
okay lets you forget another reacts okay
okay sorry for the cut my camera ran out
of memory so let's continue okay not to
not do half hour
Togepi fletchling Tropius Steven
executor Pikachu reverse and the swell
will have our ancient trading card not
bad it's a hollow I'll take it so I
think I'm going to open one more boost
your pack it's gonna be the deoxys pack
so I opened up one of each time
okay so it weighs 29.4 and just the
booster pack it weighs twenty point one
seven grams okay let's see what we get
now their inkay
okay so we have NK tell VP execute knock
do not fire fletchling Glade spirit link
wide lens a fletchinder reverse Zhou -
and a salamence hollow so this isn't too
bad
we got added the four packs we opened we
got two x's one e x four one and two
hollow rares so stay tuned to part two
of this 11 booster pack pack opening
thanks